Document what dune-project (name) does (#1536)
ocaml/dune: doc/project-layout-specification.rst

name
----

> Sets the name of the project. This is used by [`dune subst`](usage.html#dune-subst)

Reviewer: I believe the syntax is:

```suggestion
Sets the name of the project. This is used by :ref:`dune subst <dune-subst>`
```

and then you need to add a line `.. _dune-subst`: before the `dune subst` section.
